(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROARS)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
(PANICKED CHITTERING)
ONO: It's coming from
Ukuni Woods!
Whatta we got, Ono?
Hyenas? Jackals?
Vultures?
Hyenas, jackals, vultures.
Whatever it is, the Lion Guard
can take it!
Hold on!
Getting it in sight...
Really?
KION: Ono, report!
Nothing thrilling.
Just a hyrax stuck
in a thorn bush.
(PANICKED CHITTERING)
Seriously?
That's not so bad.
We rushed all the way across
the Pride Lands for this?
Bunga, the Lion Guard's
duty is to defend
the Circle of Life.
Even if it means
helping a hyrax
out of a thorn bush.
All right.
I got this one.
Come on, hyraxie.
Let's get you outta there.
(BLEATING)
Lil' B, I think the hyrax's
trying to avoid bein'
shredded by thorns.
Oh! Kion!
Use the Roar!
You can flatten
those thorn bushes!
If Kion flattens the thorn
bushes with the Roar,
(SCOFFS) what do you think
will happen to the hyrax?
Oh... Hadn't thought
about that.
Listen. We don't need my Roar
to clear the thorn bushes.
We can just
pull 'em aside.
Oh, yeah! Zuka Zama!
Let's go, hyraxie! Move it!
I got it.
(SQUEAKING)
Thanks, Fuli.
Nice work, Bunga.
Whoa, weird.
It must really like
that snake skin.
No, no, no. It's using the
scent from the snake skin
to mask its own smell.
That way snakes
won't detect him.
Pretty clever!
Not if a snake's
right behind you.
(HISSING)
(SNAKE GULPS)
Hey! We just saved that guy!
(SPITS)
(HISSING) Say!
That was my lunch!
Yeah? Looks like
it was to go.
And now, so are you!
(SCREAMING)
Whoa!
Ugh... That Bunga...
(CHITTERING)
(SNIFFING)
(SQUEALING)
(CHUCKLES) Bunga!
Your smell must be even
scarier than a snake's!
I'll take that
as a compliment!
(SNIFFS AND GAGS)
I wouldn't!
(GROANING)
Everything okay, Beshte?
Poa. The flowers just got me
a little sticky, is all.
Sticky? Oh... Oh, no!
I'd say a lot sticky!
Hapana!
(STRAINING)
Oh. I just might
need a bath.
Hmm... How long has
it been since you've
had a bath, Bunga?
Does the last time I fell off
a waterfall count?
In that case, it's been...
I don't know how long!
No wonder the Hyrax
ran away from you.
Fuli's right, Bunga.
I'm afraid you
really do stink.
Aw, come on.
That's just how Bunga smells.
He's always been
a bit, uh, fragrant.
Try taking a dip in
Big Springs, Little B.
I'm sure the fish there
will get you clean.
ALL: Fish?
The fish in Big Springs love
eatin' the muck and dirt off
us hippos!
They even go for the food
stuck in my teeth! Check it!
Ahhh.
See? (CHUCKLES)
And when there's too
many fish in the lake,
the crocodiles come
and eat the fish.
It's the Circle of Life
at its finest.
You said it, Dad.
Now I'm feelin' clean
as a whistle!
(GIRL HIPPO WHISTLES)
(GIGGLES)
Hello to you, too.
Willing to give it a try?
Why not?
I'll try anything once!
Zuka Zama!
Here fishy, fishy, fish!
Hey! Fish! Where ya going?
Basi! It's been many weeks.
How are the fish today?
More than last time, Pua.
But not enough for
your float of crocs.
Swing by next week?
If that's how it must be.
Move on, my friends.
We'll eat somewhere
else today.
Wait! Pua, you said
we were going to eat fish!
Makuu, there aren't
enough fish yet.
You heard Basi.
I heard him.
But why should
we crocodiles listen
to a hippo?
I've told you before, Makuu.
It's the Circle of Life.
So you say.
But I think you
listen to the hippos
because you're weak.
You're afraid
of them!
But I'm not
afraid of anyone.
And that's why
I call for a mashindano!
Dad,
what's a mashindano?
The mashindano is
a physical challenge.
It's how the crocodiles
determine their leader.
Heyvi kabisa.
A mashindano?
You heard me!
Accept, or surrender
your leadership.
Immediately!
I accept your
challenge, Makuu.
In accordance
to tradition,
The mashindano will take
place near Lake Matope at
sunset!
KION: I don't like
this mashindano thing.
Why should a fight determine
who the crocodile leader is?
Don't forget, Kion.
Your father had to fight Scar
to regain leadership
of the Pride Lands.
That was different.
I think Makuu's just looking
to pick a fight.
Can't you do something
about it, Dad?
You're king over all the
animals in the Pride Lands.
I am King. And as King,
I know that all animals
in the Pride Lands
have their own customs.
And they need
to be respected.
I guess.
Bunga's on
the Lion Guard now.
We can't have animals running
in terror from his scent!
If you ask me, I think
Bunga smells fine
just the way he is.
Yeah! And in Bunga's case,
he's a stinky little
honey badger!
Thanks, Uncle Timon!
(SIGHS)
♪ Thank you, you two
from your point of view
♪ But this really must be done
♪ Bunga won't be scary
smelling like a berry
♪ You know, it's kind of fun
♪ Here's our rebuke,
don't be a mook
♪ That plan's
a waste of time
♪ Yeah we both think
Let Bunga stink
♪ His odor's not a crime
(FARTS)
Ew!
♪ Please don't make a stink
♪ Don't make a stink
♪ You need to relax
♪ No need for attacks
♪ Let's all face the facts
♪ And please...
♪ Please...
♪ Please don't make a stink
(FARTS)
♪ A pollen dusting
will stop your fussing
♪ And prove you wrong,
you guys
♪ Hey, you're right
♪ It's outta sight
♪ Look at all
the bugs and flies!
Oh, no!
♪ Please don't make a stink
♪ Don't make a stink
♪ Leave his odors in tact
♪ We'll see about that
♪ Let's all face the facts
♪ And please..
♪ Please...
♪ Please don't make a stink ♪
(INSECTS BUZZING)
BUNGA: Whoa!
Look at all the bugs!
Dinner is served!
(CHOMPING)
Mmm-mmm! Yummy!
Making your face an insect
landing pad is not my idea
of clean, fresh and odor free!
That's okay, Ono.
I don't really...
Don't worry, Bunga.
I know I can
find a solution...
Eventually!
ALL: (CHANTING)
Mah-shin-dah-no!
Your confidence
is admirable, Makuu.
Your over-sized
ego is not.
(SCOFFS) You're old
and weak, Pua!
Today is the end
of your reign!
♪ Mashindano, mashindano
(GRUNTS)
♪ Mashindano
Ooh, yeah!
First point to Pua!
No points in
mashindano, Bunga.
My dad says they have
to keep going till one
of 'em surrenders.
♪ Mashindano
(GRUNTS)
Ooh!
Ouch. He's gonna
feel that in the morning.
Why are crocodiles
always so violent?
Good question, Ono.
Shh! Guys, look.
ALL: Ooh!
Makuu's got Pua
with the jaw vice!
(GRUNTING)
Ooh! Pua with the
escape and mount!
Claw bar! Makuu's in trouble!
Come on, Pua. Get him.
Whoa! What an escape!
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Run out of tricks, Pua?
(STRAINING)
Uh-oh. That might be it.
But that's a simple hold.
Why can't Pua escape?
Easy now. He's tired.
Pua might have better
technique, but Makuu is too
strong and fit for him.
(GROANS)
Where are you going, Pua?
Nowhere!
(GASPING)
(GRUNTS)
Pua's tapping out!
He gives up!
What? You mean
Makuu wins?
I'm afraid so, son.
Congratulations, Makuu.
You have won
the mashindano.
You are now the leader
of the crocodiles.
You have very
thick skin to fill.
Pua, you were a strong
and wise leader
for many years.
And for that,
you have my thanks.
Thank you, your Majesty.
(CHUCKLES) Don't let the reeds
hit you on the way out, Pua!
As defeated leader,
Pua's banished
from the crocodile float.
ALL: (CHANTING)
Makuu! Makuu! Makuu! Makuu!
That's right! Makuu!
Leader of the crocodiles!
Makuu! Makuu! Makuu!
I just hope Makuu's big
win isn't a big loss
for the Pride Lands.
Makuu! Makuu! Makuu!
ONO: Let me try
one last thing!
One last thing? Isn't that
what you said last time?
Nah. The one three
times before that was
the last thing.
Not that I'm counting.
What do you got, Ono?
Pumice! It always
works for me.
Just flap around
in the dust...
And you'll be odor free!
Okay...
(SNEEZING)
Are you trying to stop
Bunga from smelling,
(CHUCKLES)
or being able to smell?
Kion!
Hey, Kiara!
What's the kerbubble?
(SIGHS) Zazu's just
received word
that a herd of giraffe
have moved into
the baboons' forest.
And Dad's out
hunting with Mom...
We're on it!
Lion Guard, let's go!
Ono, what do you see?
It's crazy, Kion.
Not only have
the giraffes taken over
the monkey's forest...
The acacia savanna
where the giraffe live is full
of zebra and antelope...
The zebra and antelope
grazing ground is overrun
with elephants...
And the elephants' watering
hole is filled with hippos!
Heyvi kabisa!
Isn't anyone in the Pride
Lands in their usual habitat?
Wait, there's more!
Looks like Makuu
and the crocodiles have
taken over Big Springs.
So when the crocs
pushed out the hippos,
they ended up making
everyone else move, too.
Lion Guard! Let's go talk with
Makuu and get this sorted out.
Makuu, we have a problem.
Your taking over Big Springs
has messed things up all
over the Pride Lands.
I need you
and the crocs to leave.
(LAUGHING)
Why should we leave?
The fish in the lake
taste great.
I think we're here to stay...
That is,
unless you want to fight.
C'mon, Kion.
You could take this guy.
Makuu's got no
respect for anybody.
Beshte's right.
You won't get an
argument from me!
Guys, fighting isn't the
answer to everything.
(SCOFFS) Only weak
and cowardly leaders
are afraid to fight.
I'm not afraid!
(RUMBLING)
No...
Let's go.
But why?
If I start using
the Roar when I'm angry,
I'll be as bad as Scar.
Besides, the Roar
might destroy whatever fish
are left in the lake.
There's gotta be another
way to get the crocs to
leave Big Springs.
That's right, Kion.
Go! The new leader
of the crocodiles
takes orders from nobody!
Wait! I've got an idea...
I don't see
how I can help.
I was thinking.
If you called
for another mashindano,
you might be able
to beat Makuu.
Then you could lead
the crocodiles again!
(SCOFFS) You were there, Kion.
Makuu is
stronger than me.
There are times
when you have to accept
that you've been beaten.
Even though
you might not like it,
Makuu has most
certainly won!
But that doesn't make him
a better leader than you!
True. But he's young.
He can learn.
Take my advice.
If you really want to avoid
a fight with Makuu,
the best thing to do
is just back down.
You're not really
gonna give up,
are you, Kion?
Of course not!
The Circle of Life
depends on us.
Then what are we gonna do?
I don't know yet.
Maybe my dad has some ideas.
Hey, Kiara! Is Dad back?
No, and it's a good thing
he isn't!
Oh, no...
(CHATTERING)
KIARA: Mom and Dad are not
gonna be happy to find Pride
Rock full of baboons.
You guys
better do something.
Quit it!
The animals in the Pride Lands
need to get back
where they belong!
(WHOOPING)
Oh, come on.
We're working on it, Kiara.
(CHATTERS)
But Makuu won't
listen to reason!
I've got it! I've got it!
I've found the solution!
Mentha piperita!
Also known as peppermint.
(SNIFFS)
How are mint leaves gonna get
Makuu to leave Big Springs?
Oh, not that problem.
(GIBBERING)
This one!
Ew. Ono, stop that!
Of course,
your royal highness!
Um, Bunga, do us all
a favor and roll around
on these mint leaves.
Sure.
(GASPS)
Oh, just like the hyrax!
Now eat this one...
(SNIFFS) Okay.
Mmm, spicy!
Ooh, my tongue is tingly!
(BURPS)
Excuse me!
(CHUCKLES)
Yes! It worked!
Bunga, you are stink free!
Mmm! How 'bout that?
(CHUCKLES)
Bunga's minty fresh!
Oh, that's great.
Uh, but don't you guys
have bigger things
to worry about?
Like, oh, I dunno...
Baboons overrunning
Pride Rock?
Good point, Kiara!
What are we going to do
about that, Kion?
I...
I don't know yet.
You guys head
back to the Lair.
I need some
time to think.
He better come
up with something.
(GRUNTS) You're telling me!
Oh... Baboons.
Grandfather,
I don't know if
you can hear me.
But, I'm not sure
what to do.
I'm always here
for you, Kion.
The new crocodile
leader, Makuu,
he's messed things up
for animals all over
the Pride Lands.
And all he wants
to do is fight!
Fighting is the
crocodile way.
I think Makuu's a bully.
But Pua,
the old crocodile leader,
says I should
just back down.
There are times
to back down, Kion.
But a true leader has to
know when to stand his ground,
even if it
seems difficult.
But fighting can't be
the solution to every problem!
(CHUCKLES) Standing your
ground doesn't mean
you have to fight.
It means you're not
afraid to stand up to someone
who you know is wrong,
and show them you're not
going to back down.
Oh. I think I understand.
So, I've given it
a lot of thought.
If Makuu wants a fight,
he needs to know
the Lion Guard can bring it.
Yeah! Now we're talking!
Personally, I wish there
was a way we could
avoid the fight.
I hope we still can, Ono.
I think a demonstration of
the Roar will show Makuu
exactly what he's up against,
without hurting anyone.
Can we do that?
Maybe you can use the Roar
on the grove of trees
near the Spring.
Far as I know,
nobody lives there.
And I know just
about everybody!
Perfect! Bunga,
Fuli, Ono,
go make sure the grove
is clear of animals.
'Cause nobody's
where they usually are today.
Beshte, you're with me!
Till the Pride Lands' end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
Looks clear to me.
Ono? See anything?
Nope. I think we're good
to give Kion the high sign...
Wait!
No, no, no! Not again!
Makuu, you and your crocs
need to leave Big Springs now.
Or the Lion Guard
will force you out.
Tough talk, Kion.
Can you back it up
with action?
You better believe it.
ONO: Hapana!
Kion's about to
use the roar!
Little hyrax, you need
to leave this tree.
Something quite dangerous
will be occurring soon!
If I could climb trees,
I know I could get that
hyrax to move.
Wait! I know how
to scare him off!
Hey Hyraxie! Remember me
and my stink?
(SNIFFS)
Zuka Zama!
My new minty fresh smell!
It makes my stink useless!
Oh, no! What have I done?
Guys, we gotta get going!
I know!
But my stink isn't
scaring him away!
You think
I should eat him?
BOTH: No!
Bunga! Just grab the hyrax
and bring it down here.
We'll worry about
your stink later.
Zuka Zama!
(BOTH SCREAMING)
Ono, give the high sign!
All clear, Kion.
Okay, Makuu.
If you want a fight,
the Lion Guard can bring it.
Just be careful
what you ask for.
Oh? And why is that?
Because of this.
(ROARS)
Um, perhaps
it's time we moved on.
Big Springs is running
out of fish anyway.
ONO: That's what
I like to see.
Everyone back
where they belong!
KION: Looks like the Circle
of Life's back in balance.
Yep. Except for one thing...
Makuu! Once the fish
population is built back up,
you and the crocs
are welcome to come back.
All you have to do is ask.
I'll keep that in mind.
Sorry about changing
your smell, Bunga.
It clearly has
its uses!
Hakuna matata. I'm sure my
minty smell will wear off...
And the sooner the better!
(ALL LAUGHING)
(CHORUS VOCALIZING)
♪ Look out
Here comes the Lion Guard ♪